1: (92.0) Ra I am Ra. I greet you in the love and in the light of the One Infinite Creator. We communicate now.
2: (92.10) Questioner I will read several statements here and ask for Ra’s comment on the statement.
3: (92.11) Questioner Then, this occurs because the Potentiator of the Mind is directly connected, through the roots of the tree of mind, to the archetypical mind and to the Logos which created it, and because the veil between the Matrix and Potentiator of the Mind allows for the development of the will. Would Ra comment?
4: (92.12) Questioner Then are you saying that the source of pre-incarnative programmed catalyst is the Potentiator of Mind?
5: (92.13) Questioner Thank you. Third: Just as Free Will taps intelligent infinity, which yields intelligent energy, which then focuses and creates the densities of this octave of experience, the Potentiator of Mind utilizes its connection with intelligent energy and taps or potentiates the Matrix of the Mind, which yields Catalyst of the Mind. Is this correct?
6: (92.14) Questioner Fourth: When the Catalyst of the Mind is processed by the entity the Experience of the Mind results. Is this correct?
7: (92.15) Questioner The dynamic process between the Matrix, Potentiator, Catalyst, and Experience of the Mind forms the nature of the mind or the Significator of the Mind. Is this correct?
8: (92.16) Questioner As the entity becomes consciously aware of this process it programs this activity itself before the incarnation. Is this correct?
9: (92.17) Questioner Thank you. Then finally: As each energy center becomes activated and balanced the Transformation of the Mind is called upon more and more frequently. When all of the energy centers are activated and balanced to a minimal degree, contact with intelligent infinity occurs; the veil is removed; and the Great Way of the Mind is called upon. Is this correct?
10: (92.18) Questioner Turning, then, to my analogy—or shall we say, example—of the newborn infant with the undistorted Matrix, this newborn infant has its subconscious veiled from the Matrix. The second archetype, the Potentiator of Mind, is going to act at some time through—I won’t say through the veil, I don’t think that is a very good way of stating it—but the Potentiator of Mind will act to create a condition, and I will use an example of the infant touching a hot object. The hot object we could take as random catalyst. The infant can either leave its hand on the hot object or rapidly remove it. My question is: is the Potentiator of Mind involved at all in this experience and, if so, how?
11: (92.19) Questioner Are all activities that the entity has, as it experiences things from the state of infancy, a function of the Potentiator of Mind?
12: (92.2) Questioner Is there a specific cause for this, and could you tell us what it is if so?
13: (92.20) Questioner The Matrix of the Mind is depicted seemingly as male on the card and the Potentiator as female. Could Ra state why this is and how this affects these two archetypes?
14: (92.21) Questioner Card #2, the Potentiator of the Mind: we see a female sitting on a rectangular block. She is veiled and between two pillars which seem to be identically covered with drawings, but one much darker than the other. I am assuming that the veil represents the veil between the conscious and subconscious or Matrix and Potentiator. Is this correct?
15: (92.22) Questioner I am assuming that she sits between the different colored columns, one on her left, one on her right (the dark one is on her left), to indicate at this position an equal opportunity, you might say, for potentiation of the mind to be of the negative or positive paths. Would Ra comment on this?
16: (92.23) Questioner In other words, this particular illusion has polarity as its foundation which might be represented by the structural significance of these columns. Is this correct?
17: (92.24) Questioner It seems to me that the drawings on each of these columns are identical, but that the left-hand column, that is the one on the Priestess’s left, has been shaded much darker indicating that the events or the experiences may be identical in the incarnation, but may be approached and viewed and utilized with either polarity as the bias. Is this in any way correct?
18: (92.25) Questioner There seems to be a book on the Priestess’s lap which is half hidden by the robe or material that covers her right shoulder. It would seem that this indicates that knowledge is available if the veil is lifted, but is not only hidden by the veil, but hidden partially by her very garment which she must somehow move to become aware of the knowledge which she has available. Is this correct?
19: (92.26) Questioner Are there any other parts of this picture that were not given by Ra?
20: (92.27) Questioner The fact that the Priestess sits atop the rectangular box indicates to me the Potentiator of the Mind has dominance or is above and over the material illusion. Is this in any way correct?
21: (92.28) Questioner Would the half moon on the crown represent the receptivity of the subconscious mind?
22: (92.29) Questioner Was the symbol on the front of the Priestess’ shirt given by Ra?
23: (92.3) Questioner We have been attempting to figure out how to provide the instrument with the swirling water, which we hope to do very soon. Is there any other thing that we can do to improve this situation?
24: (92.30) Questioner Would this crux ansata then be indicating a sign of life or spirit enlivening matter?
25: (92.31) Questioner Were the grapes depicted upon the cloth covering the shoulder of the Priestess of Ra’s communication?
26: (92.32) Questioner We have taken those as indicating the fertility of the subconscious mind. Is this correct?
27: (92.33) Questioner The protection here seems to be depicted as being on the right-hand side but not the left. Would this indicate greater protection for the positive path than the negative?
28: (92.34) Questioner I will just, then, attempt an example of the Potentiator of Mind acting. Would, as the infant gains time in incarnation, it experience the Potentiator offering both positive and negative potential acts (or thoughts, shall I say) for the Matrix to experience, which then begin to accumulate in the Matrix, and color it one way or the other in polarity depending upon its continuing choice of that polarity offered by the Potentiator? Is this in any way correct?
29: (92.35) Questioner Is there anything that we can do to make the instrument more comfortable or improve the contact?
30: (92.4) Questioner What is the present situation with the fifth-density negative visitor we have [inaudible]?
31: (92.5) Questioner What prompted its return?
32: (92.6) Questioner Is there anything that we can do about the instrument’s stomach problem or constipation?
33: (92.7) Questioner In the last session we discussed the first tarot card of the Egyptian type. Are there any distortions in the cards that we have (which we will publish in the book if possible) that Ra did not originally intend, with the exception of the star, which we know is a distortion? Or any additions that Ra did intend in this particular tarot?
34: (92.8) Questioner Then you are saying that the cards that we have here are the best available cards in our present illusion at this date?
35: (92.9) Questioner I would like to attempt an analogy of the first archetype in that when a baby is first born and enters this density of experience, I am assuming, then, that the Matrix is new and undistorted, veiled from the Potentiator and ready for that which is to be experienced: the incarnation. Is this correct?
36: (93.0) Ra I am Ra. I greet you in the love and in the light of the One Infinite Creator. We communicate now.
37: (93.10) Questioner The bird, I am guessing, might be a messenger, the two paths depicted by the position of the wings, bringing catalyst which could be used to polarize on either path. Is this in any way correct?
38: (93.11) Questioner I would like, if possible, an example of the activity we call Catalyst of the Mind in a particular individual undergoing this process. Could Ra give an example of that?
39: (93.12) Questioner Then presently we receive catalyst of the mind as we are aware of Ra’s communication, and we receive catalyst of the body as our body senses all of the inputs to the body, as I understand it. But could Ra then describe catalyst of the spirit, and are we at this time receiving that catalyst also? And if not, could Ra give an example of that?
40: (93.13) Questioner Would I be correct in saying that the archetype for the Catalyst of the Mind is the Logos’s model for its most efficient plan for the activity or use or action of the catalyst of the mind?
41: (93.14) Questioner Then the adept, in becoming familiar with the Logos’s archetype in each case, would then be able to most efficiently use the Logos’s plan for evolution. Is this correct?
42: (93.15) Questioner Then Ra presented the images which we know now as the tarot so that the Egyptian adepts of the time could accelerate their personal evolution. Is this correct, and was there any other reason for the presentation of these images by Ra?
43: (93.16) Questioner Are there any other uses at all of value of these images or tarot cards than the one I just stated?
44: (93.17) Questioner I was specifically thinking of the fact that Ra, in an earlier session, spoke of the tarot as a system of divination. Could you tell me what you meant by that?
45: (93.18) Questioner The third card also shows the wand (I am assuming it is) in the right hand; the ball at the top being the round magical shape. Am I in any way correct in guessing that Catalyst of the Mind suggests possible eventual use of the magic depicted by this wand?
46: (93.19) Questioner Would the fact that the clothing of the entity is transparent indicate the semi-permeability of the veil for the mental catalytic process?
47: (93.2) Questioner What is the position and condition of our fifth-density negatively oriented visitor?
48: (93.20) Questioner I was just wondering if the transparency of the garment on the third card indicates the semi-permeable nature of the veil between conscious and subconscious?
49: (93.21) Questioner I’m at a loss to know the significance of the serpents that adorn the head of the entity on this drawing. Are they of Ra, and, if so, what do they signify?
50: (93.22) Questioner Is there any significance to the serpent? Is there any polarity to the serpent as we experience it in this illusion?
51: (93.23) Questioner Is there any other aspect of this third card that Ra could comment on at this time?
52: (93.24) Questioner I am assuming that you mean one full question, and I’ll make that question: I’d like to know the significance of the shape of the crux ansata, and if that’s too much of an answer I will just ask if there is anything we can do to make the instrument more comfortable or improve the contact?
53: (93.3) Questioner Thank you. The foundation of our present illusion we have stated previously to be the concept of polarity. I would ask that, since we have defined the two polarities as service to others and service to self, is there a more complete or eloquent or enlightening definition? Or any more information that we don’t have at this time on the two ends of the poles that would give us a better insight into the nature of polarity itself?
54: (93.4) Questioner Now, if I understand correctly, prior to the veiling process the electrical polarities, the polarities of radiation and absorption, all existed in some part of the creation, but the service-to-others/service-to-self polarity that we’re familiar with had not evolved and only showed up after the veiling process as an addition to the list of possible polarities, you might say, that could be made in the creation. Is this correct?
55: (93.5) Questioner Would you correct me on that?
56: (93.6) Questioner I might make the analogy, then, in that when a polarization in the atmosphere occurs to create thunderstorms, lightning, and much activity, this more vivid experience could be likened to the polarization in consciousness which creates the more vivid experience. Would this be appropriate?
57: (93.7) Questioner With the third tarot card we come to the first addition of archetypes after the veiling process, as I understand it. And I am assuming that this third archetype is, shall I say, loaded in a way so as to create, if possible, polarization, since that seems to be one of the primary objectives of this particular Logos in the evolutionary process. Am I in any way correct on this?
58: (93.8) Questioner There seems to be no large hint of polarity in this drawing except for the possible coloration of the many cups in the wheel. Part of them are colored black, and part of the cup is white. Would this indicate that each experience has within it a possible negative or positive use of that experience that is randomly generated by this seeming wheel of fortune?
59: (93.9) Questioner The feet of the entity seem to be on an unstable platform that is dark to the rear and light to the front. I am guessing that possibly this indicates that the entity standing on this could sway in either direction, toward the left or the right-hand path. Is this in any way correct?
60: (94.0) Ra I am Ra. I greet you in the love and in the light of the One Infinite Creator. I communicate now.
61: (94.10) Questioner From the previous session the statement was made that much is veiled to the most apparently clear observation. Would Ra expand on what was meant by that statement? I assume that this means the veiling of all of that that is outside the limits of what we call our physical perception having to do with the spectrum of light, etc., but I also intuit there is more than that veiled. Would Ra expand on that concept?
62: (94.11) Questioner I have drawn a small diagram in which I simply show an arrow which represents catalyst penetrating a line at right angles to the arrow, which is the veil, and then depositing in one of two repositories: one which I would call on the right-hand path, one on the left-hand path. And I have labeled these two repositories for the catalytic action as it’s filtered through the veil “the Experience.” Would this be a very rough analogy of the way the catalyst is filtered through the veil to become experience?
63: (94.12) Questioner It seems to me that the Experience of the Mind would act in such a way as to change the nature of the veil so that catalyst would be filtered so as to be more acceptable in the bias that is increasingly chosen by the entity. For instance, if the entity had chosen the right-hand path, the Experience of the Mind would change the permeability of the veil to accept more and more positive catalyst, and also the other would be true for accepting more negative if the left-hand path were the one that was repeatedly chosen. Is this correct?
64: (94.13) Questioner Then the mechanism designed by the Logos, of the action of catalyst resulting in experience, was planned to be self-accelerating in that it would create this process of, shall I say, variable permeability that was of the function of the chosen path. Is this an adequate statement?
65: (94.14) Questioner I can understand, to use a poor term again, the necessity for an archetype for Catalyst, or a model for Catalyst of the Mind, but what is the reason for having a blueprint or model for Experience of the Mind other than this simple model of the dual repository for the negative and positive catalyst? It would seem to me that the First Distortion of Free Will would be better served if no model for experience were made. I’m somewhat confused on this. Could you clear it up?
66: (94.15) Questioner In the fourth archetype the card shows a male whose body faces forward. I assume this indicates that the Experience of the Mind will reach for catalyst. However, the face is to the left, indicating to me that, in reaching for catalyst, negative catalyst will be more apparent in its power and effect than the positive. Would Ra comment on this?
67: (94.16) Questioner Experience is seated on the square of the material illusion which is colored much darker than in Card Number Three. However, there is a cat inside this. I am guessing that as experience is gained the second-density nature of the illusion is understood, and the negative and positive aspects are separated. Would Ra comment on this?
68: (94.17) Questioner What was the last word that Ra communicated? I didn’t quite hear it.
69: (94.18) Questioner In Card Three the feet of the female entity are upon the unstable platform, signifying dual polarity by its color. In Card Four, one foot pointed indicates that if the male entity stands on the toe it would be carefully balanced. The other foot is pointed to the left. Would Ra comment on my observation that if the entity stands on this foot it will be very, very carefully balanced?
70: (94.19) Questioner It would seem to me that from the configuration of this male entity in Card Four—who looks to the left, and the right foot is pointed to the left—that this card would indicate that you must be in a defensive position with respect to the left-hand path, with no need to concern yourself about protection with respect to the right-hand path. Would Ra comment on that?
71: (94.2) Questioner I have questions here from the instrument. One: “Is our fifth-density friend responsible for the instrument’s extreme distortion towards pain during and just after sessions?”
72: (94.20) Questioner The magical shape is on the right edge of the card indicating to me that the spiritual significance is on the right edge of the card, indicating to me that the spiritual experience would be the right-hand path. Could Ra comment on that?
73: (94.21) Questioner Now, both the third and fourth archetypes, as I see it, work together for the sole purpose of creating the polarity in the most efficient manner possible. Is this correct?
74: (94.22) Questioner Then prior to the veiling process, that which we call catalyst after the veiling was not catalyst simply because it was not efficiently creating polarity; because this loading process, you might say, that I have diagrammed of catalyst passing through the veil and becoming polarized experience was not in effect; because the viewing of what we call catalyst by the entity was seen much more clearly as simply an experience of the One Creator and not something that was a function of other mind/body/spirit complexes. Would Ra comment on that statement?
75: (94.23) Questioner Thank you. Then we’re expecting, in Card Number Four, to see the result of catalytic action and, therefore, a greater definition between the dark and the light areas. In this card we notice that it is more definitely darkly colored in some areas and more white in others, in a general sense, than Card Number Three, indicating to me that the separation along the two biases has occurred, and should occur, to follow the blueprint for experience. Could Ra comment on that?
76: (94.24) Questioner The bird in Card Three seems to be now internalized in the center of the entity in Card Four in that it has changed from the— The flight then has achieved its objective and become a part of, a central part of, the experience. Could Ra comment on that?
77: (94.25) Questioner I would guess that the bird signifies that a communication that comes as catalyst signified in Card Three is accepted by the female and used becomes a portion of the experience. I’m not sure of that at all. Am I in any way correct?
78: (94.26) Questioner I’ll have to work on that.
79: (94.27) Questioner The bird is within a circle on the front of the entity in Card Four. Would that have the same significance as the circular part of the crux ansata?
80: (94.28) Questioner The entity of Card Four wears a strangely shaped skirt. Is there a significance to the shape of this skirt?
81: (94.29) Questioner The skirt is extended toward the left hand but is somewhat shorter toward the right. There is a black bag hanging from the belt of the entity on the left side. It seems to me that this black bag has a meaning of the acquiring of material possessions of wealth as a part of the left-hand path. Would Ra comment on that?
82: (94.3) Questioner Is there anything that we can do that we are not doing to remedy this situation so that the instrument does not experience this pain or as much of it?
83: (94.30) Questioner I would just state that this card, being male, would indicate that as experience is gained the mind becomes the motivator or that which reaches or “does” more than the simple experiencer prior to the catalytic action. That is, there is a greater tendency for the mind to direct the mind/body/spirit complex.
84: (94.4) Questioner I immediately think of the instrument wearing long underwear under the robe that it now wears and an extremely light, white cover. Would this be satisfactory?
85: (94.5) Questioner In your statement, near the beginning of it, you said “less-than-adequate work of your,” and there was a word that I didn’t understand at all. Are you familiar with the word that I am trying to understand?
86: (94.6) Questioner We’ll have to wait until we transcribe the material then. I assume that our fifth-density negative friend doesn’t cause the distortion all the time simply because he wishes to emphasize the fact that the instrument is going to be distorted only if she attempts one of these service-to-others workings, therefore attempting to stifle the working. Is this correct?
87: (94.7) Questioner Could you tell me why I have felt so extremely tired on several recent occasions?
88: (94.8) Questioner Thank you. I really didn’t mean to go over previous material. I should have phrased my question more carefully so that . . . that is what I expected. I was trying to get confirmation of the fact that I suspected that. I will be more careful in questioning from now on.
89: (94.9) Questioner Then she says: “If this is so, this seems to be part of the riddle about the manner of beingness that Ra spoke of. I fear if I do not work successfully on my human distortions I shall be responsible for losing the contact. Yet also Ra suggests the over-dedication to any outcome is unwise. Could Ra comment on these thoughts?”
90: (95.0) Ra I am Ra. I greet you, my friends, in the love and in the light of the One Infinite Creator. We communicate now.
91: (95.10) Questioner We would like to pick the most appropriate room for sanctifying for the Ra contact. And we will not use that bedroom even though we’ve cleansed it. I would imagine it would be better not to use it. I’m not sure. But is there any room that would be most appropriate that Ra could name?
92: (95.11) Questioner I am assuming that the newly chosen place meets parameters for best contact on the exterior of the house, and would ask Ra at this time if there is any suggestions with respect to the exterior of the house?
93: (95.12) Questioner On one end of the house there are four stalls that have been occupied by horses. Would it be appropriate or necessary to modify in any way the condition of that area even though it is outside the living area of the house?
94: (95.13) Questioner Is there any other comment in closing this questioning area upon the new location that Ra could make other than the comments already made on the new location or any part of it?
95: (95.14) Questioner I envision a cardboard funnel approximately three feet in length, and then a smaller cardboard funnel of the same configuration inside that funnel; garlic placed between the two cardboard surfaces so the garlic is actually a funnel of garlic itself, and then held in place by the two cardboard cones: the smaller end of the cone being toward the house, the open or larger end being away from the house.
96: (95.15) Questioner In order to make this funnel of garlic cloves, would a wire framework such as chicken wire which has a small inch-square mesh, or something like that shaped into a cone, with the garlic attached to it all around it, and with the small end toward the house, and the open end away from it, strung between two poles. Would that be appropriate, or must the wind blow it more than that?
97: (95.16) Questioner Is there any other thing that we can do to prepare this new place for the parameters of beingness and communication with Ra in our own living or dwelling conditions that would be appropriate that Ra could mention at this time?
98: (95.17) Questioner After the suggestions are accomplished with respect to cleansing of the property, does Ra anticipate that our contact with Ra will be as efficient with respect to the location parameters in that particular place as they are in this particular place?
99: (95.18) Questioner Thank you. A question has been asked which I’ll ask at this time. In processing the catalyst of dreams is there a universal language of the unconscious mind which may be used to interpret the meaning of dreams? Or does each entity have a unique language of its unconscious mind which it may use to interpret the meaning of dreams?
100: (95.19) Questioner Thank you. In the last session you made a statement about the immature male meeting the female with respect to what occurred because of the veil: that the information exchange was quite different. Would you give an example of the information exchange prior to the veil for this same case, please?
101: (95.2) Questioner Thank you. What is the situation with respect to our fifth-density negative associate?
102: (95.20) Questioner For the condition of the meeting after the veiling process, either entity will choose as a function of its previous biases (or, shall I say, will choose as a function of Card Four, the Experience) the way in which it will approach or handle the situation with respect to polarity, therefore producing, most probably, more catalyst for itself along the chosen path of polarization. Would Ra comment on that statement?
103: (95.21) Questioner In Card Four in the last session we spoke of the shape of the skirt, and it has occurred to us that the skirt of the entity representing the archetype of Experience is extended to the left to indicate that other-selves would not be able to get close to this entity if it had chosen the left-hand path. There would be a greater separation between it and other-selves. Whereas if it had chosen the right-hand path there would be much less of a separation. Would Ra comment on that observation?
104: (95.22) Questioner And it seems that the square upon which the entity sits, which is almost totally black, is a representation of the material illusion, and the white cat is guarding the right-hand path which is now separated in experience from the left. Would Ra comment on that observation?
105: (95.23) Questioner What I meant to say was that the entity is guarded along the right-hand path (once it is chosen) from effects of the material illusion that are of a negative polarity. Would Ra comment on that?
106: (95.24) Questioner From that statement I interpret the following meaning: That if the Experience of the Mind has sufficiently chosen the right-hand path—as total purity is approached in choosing of the right-hand path—then total imperviousness from the effect of the left-hand catalyst is also approached. Is this correct?
107: (95.25) Questioner I have often wondered about the action of random and programmed catalyst with respect to the entity with the very strong positive or negative polarization. Would one or either be free to a great extent from random catalyst occurring such as great natural catastrophes, or warfare, or something like that that generates a lot of random catalyst in the physical vicinity of a highly polarized entity? Does this great cat, then, have effect on such random catalyst upon the right-hand path?
108: (95.26) Questioner Am I to understand, then, that there is no protection at all if the Experience of the Mind has become negative and the negative path is traveled? All random catalyst may affect the negatively polarized individual as a function of the statistical nature of the random catalyst. Is this correct?
109: (95.27) Questioner The possibility of the legs of the entity of Card Four being at approximate right angles was linked with the tesseract[117]—mentioned in a much earlier session by Ra[118]—as the direction of transformation from space/time into time/space, and I was thinking that possibly it was also linked with the crux ansata. Am I in any way correct with this observation?
110: (95.28) Questioner Is there anything that we can do to make the instrument more comfortable or improve the contact?
111: (95.3) Questioner There seems to be an extremely high probability that we will move from this position to another residence. If we should move from this residence and cease using this room for workings with Ra, is there a magically appropriate ritual for closing the use of this place of working? Or is there anything that we should do with respect to leaving this particular place?
112: (95.4) Questioner Thank you. The new room that we choose will of course be carefully cleaned and marred surfaces made well. We shall also use the Banishing Ritual of the Lesser Pentagram prior to a working. Is there anything else that Ra could suggest? And I would also know if there is anything in particular that Ra might suggest with respect to the particular place that has been chosen for the new location.
113: (95.5) Questioner I am assuming that we would prepare the blessed water the same as we prepare the water for the instrument to drink after a session, and then would wipe the windows and doors with this water . . . probably have to be done in a bucket. And I would like to know if this is correct, and what was meant by salting of the windows and doors?
114: (95.6) Questioner I assume you mean that we should put the salt on the outer doors only and not the inner doors of the house. Is that correct?
115: (95.7) Questioner Let me see if I have the scenario correctly. I’ll repeat my version of it. We would hang garlic, fresh-cut garlic, in the area of the wet bar and the area of the bedroom that is adjacent to the kitchen area. We would salt all window sills, and all outer wall door sills, and then sprinkle blessed water from our fingers on all of the salted areas. We would then say appropriate words to bid farewell to lower astrals. Those words I am not sure of. Would Ra comment on the scenario that I’ve just stated?
116: (95.8) Questioner Is any place more appropriate than another to hang the garlic in the rooms; for instance, over the windows or anything like that? I know it is supposed to be hung in the area of the bar, but I meant in the bedroom. Is there any more appropriate place than another?
117: (95.9) Questioner Okay, I understand that the garlic is to be used at the bar area and in the bedroom that is close to the kitchen and has an exit onto the carport. If I am correct, then, those are the only two places to use the garlic: the bar and that room with the exit to the carport. That’s correct, isn’t it?
118: All is well. The alignments are exemplary.
119: All is well. The alignments are well guarded.
120: All robes, in this case indicating the outer garments of custom, shield these principles. Thusly there is great dynamic tension, if you will, betwixt the Matrix and the Potentiator of the Mind.
121: All that you perceive seems to be consciously perceived. This is not the correct supposition. All that you perceive is perceived as catalyst unconsciously. By the, shall we say, time that the mind begins its appreciation of catalyst, that catalyst has been filtered through the veil, and in some cases much is veiled in the most apparently clear perception.
122: All things in manifestation may be seen in one way or another to be offering themselves in order that transformations may take place upon the level appropriate to the action.
123: All uses of catalyst by the mind are those consciously applied to catalyst. Without conscious intent the use of catalyst is never processed through mentation, ideation, and imagination.
124: Although you may be less than pleased with the accoutrements, may we say that all was as carefully prepared as each was able. More than that none can do. Therefore, we thank each for the careful alignments. All is well.
125: And other than that I would just ask if there is anything that we can do to make the instrument more comfortable or improve the contact?
126: Another method of viewing polarities might involve the concept of radiation/absorption. That which is positive is radiant; that which is negative is absorbent.
127: As the garlic is burned you may say: “We give thanks to the One Creator for the gift of spiritual cleanliness in our dwelling place, and seal the departure of all those who have left by this exit, by the consuming of this substance.”
128: As the water is sprinkled you may say: “We give thanks to the One Creator for the gift of water. Over it the Creator moves Its hand and stirs Its will to be done.”
129: As to the hanging of the garlic, it must be able to be blown by the wind. Therefore, the structure which was envisioned is less than optimal. We might suggest the stringing between two placed posts on either side of the funnel of the strung cloves.
130: As we approach the second portion of the query we view the possibility of infringement upon free will. However, we believe we may make reply within the boundaries of the Law of Confusion.
131: Can the instrument, then, think for a moment that it shall cease in the service of the One Infinite Creator? We ask the instrument to ponder these queries and observations.
132: Due to the first misperception we hesitate to speak to the second consideration but shall attempt clarity. While studying the archetypical mind we may suggest that the student look at the Great Way of the Mind not as that which is attained after contact with intelligent infinity, but rather as that portion of the archetypical mind which denotes and configures the particular framework within which the Mind, the Body, or the Spirit archetypes move.
133: Each mind/body/spirit complex that is seeking shall almost certainly have the immature and irrational behaviors. It is also the case that this entity—as well as almost all seekers—has done substantial work within the framework of the incarnative experience and has, indeed, developed maturity and rationality. That this instrument should fail to see that which has been accomplished and see only that which remains to be accomplished may well be noted. Indeed, any seeker discovering in itself this complex of mental and mental/emotional distortions shall ponder the possible non-efficacy of judgment.
134: Experience[111] has the nature of more effectively and poignantly expressing the architecture of experience, both the fragility of structure and the surety of structure.
135: First: Until an entity becomes consciously aware of the evolutionary process, the Logos, or intelligent energy, creates the potentials for an entity to gain the experience necessary for polarization. Would Ra comment on that?
136: Firstly, if there has been the pre-incarnative choice that, for instance, one shall not take life in the service of the cultural group, events shall fall in a protective manner.
137: Firstly, there has been some less-than-harmonious interaction within this dwelling. The dynamics of this interaction were potent enough to attract a lesser thought-form. Therefore, we suggest the salting and ritual cleansing by blessed water of all windows and doorways which offer adit into the domicile or any out-buildings thereof.[114]
138: From the instrument we have the question: “While vacationing I uncovered a lot about myself not consciously known before. It seems to me that I coast on the spiritual gifts given at birth and never have spent any time getting to know my human self which seems to be a child, immature and irrational. Is this so?”
139: Further, the nature of the wingèd creature is echoed both by the female holding it and the symbol of the female upon which the figure’s feet rest; that is, the nature of catalyst is overwhelmingly of an unconsciousness, coming from that which is not of the mind and which has no connection with the intellect, as you call it, which precedes or is concomitant with catalytic action.
140: Further, we suggest the hanging of the cut garlic clove in the portion of the room which has accommodated those whose enjoyment has turned into a darker emotion centering upon the area we find you call the wet bar, also the room intended for the sleeping which is found near the kitchen area.
141: However, because of the unique biases of each mind/body/spirit complex, there are sometimes quite simple instances of distortion when there is no apparent cause for such distortion. Let us use the example of the virile and immature male who meets and speaks clearly with a young female whose physical form has the appropriate configuration to cause, for this male entity, the activation of the red-ray sexual arousal.
142: However, during the working the instrument is not with its yellow-ray chemical vehicle, and thusly the many small movements which could most effectively aid in the decrease of these distortions is not possible. Ra must carefully examine the mental configurations of the mind complex in order to make even the grossest manipulation. It is not our skill to use a yellow-ray vehicle.
143: However, the portion of the infant which may be articulated by the Matrix of the Mind is indeed unfed by experience, and has the bias of reaching for this experience through free will just as intelligent energy, in the kinetic phase, through free will, creates the Logos.
144: However, to the pure, all that is encountered speaks of the love and the light of the One Infinite Creator. The cruelest blow is seen with an ambiance of challenges offered and opportunities to come. Thusly, the great pitch of light is held high above such an one so that all interpretation may be seen to be protected by light.
145: I also would like to be sure that I accurately know the position that we’re talking about by taking a specific point on the house, such as the front door (the door with the little roof extending over it at the front of the house), and taking a direction from that. I suspect the direction is up toward the road that leads out of the property, and an exact measurement from the front doorknob to the center of the area of negativity of which we speak would be helpful. Would Ra comment on what I have just said?
146: I am Ra. As we observe a lull in the questioning we shall take this opportunity to say that the level of transferred energy dwindles rapidly, and we would offer the opportunity for one more full question at this working if it is desired.
147: I am Ra. I leave you, my friends, in the love and the light of the One Infinite Creator. Go forth, then, rejoicing in the power and in the peace of the One Infinite Creator. Adonai.
148: I am Ra. There will continue to be pain flares. However, the critical portion of the intense pain has been alleviated by repositioning.
149: I am Ra. We continue under somewhat less-than-optimal conditions. However, due to the nature of this instrument’s opening to us, our pathway is quite clear, and we shall continue. Due to pain flares we must ask that you repeat your last query.
150: In a more general sense, that which reaches may be seen as a male principle; that which awaits the reaching may be seen as a female principle.
151: In general, the cleanliness is most helpful. The removal from the mind complex of those thoughts not of harmony is most helpful. And those practices which increase faith and will that the Spirit may do Its work are most helpful.[116]
152: In the course of the waking behavior the instrument can respond to the various signals which ring the tocsin of pain, thus alerting the mind complex, which in turn moves the physical complex in many and subtle configurations which relieve the various distortions. Your friend greets these distortions, as has been stated before, immediately prior to the beginning of the working.[103]
153: In the image you will note a suggestion that the offering of the illusion will often seem to suggest the opportunities lying upon the left-hand path or, as you might refer to it more simply, the service-to-self path. This is a portion of the nature of the Catalyst of the Mind.
154: In the positive sense this means that the serpent will appear at the indigo-ray site upon the body of the image figures. When a negative connotation is intended one may find the serpent at the solar plexus center.
155: Indeed you may, rather, find polarity expressed, firstly, by the many opportunities offered in the material illusion which is imaged by the not-white and not-dark square upon which the entity of the image is seated; secondly, upon the position of that seated entity. It does not meet opportunity straight on but glances off to one side or another.
156: It is indeed so that the biases of the potentials of a mind/body/spirit complex cause the catalyst of this entity to be unique and to form a coherent pattern that resembles the dance, full of movement, forming a many-figured tapestry of motion.
157: It is not in the archetypical mind of an entity that the potential for incarnational experience resides, but in the mind/body/spirit complex’s insertion, shall we say, into the energy web of the physical vehicle and the chosen planetary environment. However, to more deeply articulate this portion of the mind/body/spirit complex’s beingness, this archetype, the Potentiator of the Mind, may be evoked with profit to the student of its own evolution.
158: It is to be noted in this context that it is quite impossible to judge the polarity of an act or an entity, just as it is impossible to judge the relative goodness of the negative and positive poles of the magnet.
159: It is to be noted that the catalyst which may be processed by the pre-veil experience is insignificant compared to the catalyst offered to the thoroughly bemused male and female after the veil. The confusion which this situation, simplistic though it is, offers is representative of the efficiency of the enlargement of the catalytic processes occurring after the veiling.
160: Lastly, there is the nerve damage, more especially to the left, but in both appendages from the thoracic outlet.
161: May we ask for one more query at this time. We are pleased to report that this instrument has remembered to request the reserving of some transferred energy to make more comfortable the transition back to the waking state. Therefore, we find that there is sufficient energy for one more query.
162: May we ask if there are briefer queries before we leave this instrument?
163: One action you might take in order to improve the efficacy of the cleansing of the environment is the walking of the perimeter with the opened clove in hand, swinging the clove. No words need be said unless each wishes to silently or verbally speak those words given for garlic previously.
164: One might consider the polarities with the literal nature enjoyed by the physical polarity of the magnet. The negative and positive, with their electrical characteristics, may be seen to be just as in the physical sense.
165: Please ask any brief queries at this space/time.
166: Ra I am Ra. Again, this is not the suggestion we wished to offer by constructing this image. However, the perception cannot be said to be incorrect.
167: Ra I am Ra. Again, you are partially correct. The deeper biases of a mind/body/spirit complex pilot the catalyst around the many isles of positivity and negativity as expressed in the archipelago of the deeper mind. However, the analogy is incorrect in that it does not take into account the further polarization which most certainly is available to the conscious mind after it has perceived the partially polarized catalyst from the deeper mind.
168: Ra I am Ra. All places in which this group dwells in love and thanksgiving are acceptable to us.
169: Ra I am Ra. All that assaults your senses is catalyst. We, in speaking to this support group through this instrument, offer catalyst. The configurations of each in the group of body offer catalyst through comfort/discomfort. In fact all that is unprocessed that has come before the notice of a mind/body/spirit complex is catalyst.
170: Ra I am Ra. Although this is correct it is not as perceptive as the notice that the Priestess, as this figure has been called, sits within a structure in which polarity, symbolized as you correctly noted by the light and dark pillars, is an integral and necessary part.
171: Ra I am Ra. Although this meaning was not intended by Ra as part of this complex of concepts, we find the interpretation quite acceptable.
172: Ra I am Ra. As our previous response suggests, the Significator of the Mind is both actor and acted upon. With this exception the statement is largely correct.
173: Ra I am Ra. Before we reply to your query we ask your patience as we must needs examine the mind complex of this instrument in order that we might attempt to move the left manual appendage of the instrument. If we are not able to effect some relief from pain we shall take our leave. Please have patience while we do that which is appropriate.
174: Ra I am Ra. Catalyst being processed by the body is catalyst for the body. Catalyst being processed by the mind is catalyst for the mind. Catalyst being processed by the spirit is catalyst for the spirit. An individual mind/body/spirit complex may use any catalyst which comes before its notice—be it through the body and its senses, or through mentation, or through any other more highly developed source—and use this catalyst in its unique way to form an experience unique to it, with its biases.
175: Ra I am Ra. Continue in peace and harmony. Already the support group does much. There is the need for the instrument to choose the manner of its beingness. It has the distortion, as we have noted, towards the martyrdom. This can be evaluated and choices made only by the entity.
176: Ra I am Ra. Due to the influence of the Chaldees, the system of archetypical images was incorporated by the priests of that period into a system of astrologically based study, learning, and divination. This was not a purpose for which Ra developed the tarot.
177: Ra I am Ra. Due to this instrument’s lack of radiant physical energy the heavier cover is suggested.
178: Ra I am Ra. Firstly, again may we distinguish between the archetypical mind and the process of incarnational experience of the mind/body/spirit complex.
179: Ra I am Ra. Firstly, although the functions of the mind are indeed paramount over those of the body—the body being the creature of the mind—certainly not all actions of a mind/body/spirit complex could be seen to be due to the potentiating qualities of the mind complex alone, as the body and in some cases the spirit also potentiates action.
180: Ra I am Ra. Firstly, as we have said, the Matrix of the Mind is attracted to the biological male and the Potentiator of the Mind to the biological female. Thusly in energy transfer the female is able to potentiate that which may be within the conscious mind of the male so that it may feel enspirited.
181: Ra I am Ra. Firstly, you may bless the water yourselves or may request so-called holy water from any blessed place; that is, blessed by intention.
182: Ra I am Ra. Given this same case—that is, the random red-ray sexual arousal being activated in both male and female—the communication would far more likely have been to the subject of the satisfying of that red-ray, sexual impulse. When this had occurred other information such as the naming could be offered with clear perception.
183: Ra I am Ra. In that the conceit of the volume was not originated by Ra we ask that you release the volume from its strictured form. Your perceptions are quite correct.
184: Ra I am Ra. In the archetypical mind one has the resource of not specifically a plan for evolution, but rather a blueprint or architecture of the nature of evolution. This may seem to be a small distinction, but it has significance in perceiving more clearly the use of this resource of the deep mind.
185: Ra I am Ra. In the context of your penultimate query we would suggest that you ponder again the shape of the garment which the image wears. Such habiliment is not natural.[113] The shape is significant and is so along the lines of your query.
186: Ra I am Ra. In two circumstances this is so:
187: Ra I am Ra. It is a correct perception that the position of the wingèd creature is significant. The more correct perception of this entity and its significance is the realization that the mind/body/spirit complex is, having made contact with its potentiated self, now beginning its flight towards that great Logos which is that which is sought by the adept.
188: Ra I am Ra. It is a specialized form of this meaningful shape. It is specialized in great part due to the nature of the crossed legs of manifestation which we have previously discussed.[112]
189: Ra I am Ra. It is unlikely that there is a more pithy or eloquent description of the polarities of third density than “service to others” and “service to self” due to the nature of the mind/body/spirit complex’s distortions towards perceiving concepts relating to philosophy in terms of ethics or activity. However, we might consider the polarities using slightly variant terms. In this way a possible enrichment of insight might be achieved for some.
190: Ra I am Ra. It would be appropriate to remove from this room and, to a lesser extent, from the dwelling, the charging of what you might call the distortion towards sanctity. To remove this charge it is valuable either to write upon your paper your own working, or to use existing rituals, for the deconsecration of a sacred place such as one of your churches.
191: Ra I am Ra. Let us say, rather, that this figure is immanent, near at hand, shall we say, within all manifestation. The opportunities for the reaching to the Potentiator are numerous. However, of itself the Potentiator does not enter manifestation.
192: Ra I am Ra. No. This is a quite eloquent look at some relationships within the archetypical mind. However, it must be seen once again that the archetypical mind does not equal the acting incarnational mind/body/spirit complex’s progression or evolution.
193: Ra I am Ra. No. We are suggesting that the Potentiator of the Mind is an archetype which may aid the adept in grasping the nature of this pre-incarnative and continuingly incarnative series of choices.
194: Ra I am Ra. O student, your sight almost sees that which was intended. However, the polarities need no guardians. What, then, O student, needs the guard?
195: Ra I am Ra. Some untangling may be needed. As the mind/body/spirit complex which has not yet reached the point of the conscious awareness of the process of evolution prepares for incarnation it has programmed for it a less-than-complete, that is to say, a partially randomized system of learnings. The amount of randomness of potential catalyst is proportional to the newness of the mind/body/spirit complex to third density.
196: Ra I am Ra. That bears little of sense.
197: Ra I am Ra. That is appropriate. You see in this case the center of the negativity is as described, but there will be a general cleansing of the dwelling and its acreage by this means.
198: Ra I am Ra. The Potentiator of Mind and of Body are both involved in the questing of the infant for new experience. The mind/body/spirit complex which is an infant has one highly developed portion which may be best studied by viewing the Significators of Mind and Body.
199: Ra I am Ra. The aforenamed entity has chosen various means to further its service, and though each is effective in itself, does not lead to the lessening of the dedication to service for others or the valuing of harmonious interaction. Therefore, the entity, though not as quiet as it has been, is somewhat depolarized on balance.
200: Ra I am Ra. The archetype of Experience of the Mind reaches not, O student, but with firm authority grasps what it is given. The remainder of your remarks are perceptive.
201: Ra I am Ra. The astrological symbols offered are not given by Ra.
202: Ra I am Ra. The concepts discussed seem without significant distortion.
203: Ra I am Ra. The condition of this instrument is slightly more distorted towards weakness in each respect since the previous asking.
204: Ra I am Ra. The crux ansata is the correct symbol. The addition and slight distortion of this symbol thereby is astrological and may be released from its stricture.
205: Ra I am Ra. The description of polarity as service to self and service to others, from the beginning of our creation, dwelt within the architecture of the primal Logos. Before the veiling process the impact of actions taken by mind/body/spirits upon their consciousnesses was not palpable to a significant enough degree to allow the expression of this polarity to be significantly useful. Over the period of what you would call time this expression of polarity did, indeed, work to alter the biases of mind/body/spirits so that they might eventually be harvested. The veiling process made the polarity far more effective.
206: Ra I am Ra. The distortions remaining after the removal of astrological material are those having to do with the mythos of the culture to which Ra offered this teach/learning tool. This is why we have suggested approaching the images looking for the heart of the image rather than being involved overmuch by the costumes and creatures of a culture not familiar to your present incarnation. We have no wish to add to an already distorted group of images, feeling that, although distortion is inevitable, there is the least amount which can be procured in the present arrangement.
207: Ra I am Ra. The dwelling seems surrounded with the trees and fields of your countryside. This is acceptable.
208: Ra I am Ra. The effective cause of the increased physical distortions have to do with the press of continued substantial levels of the distortion you call pain. Various vehicular distortions, other than the specifically arthritic, have been accentuated by psychic greeting, and the combined effect has been deleterious.
209: Ra I am Ra. The healing modes of which each is capable are already in use.
210: Ra I am Ra. The physical-complex distortions of this instrument far more closely approach what you might call the zero mark; that is, the instrument, while having no native physical energy, is not nearly so far in physical-energy deficit-distortions. The vital-energy distortions are somewhat strengthened since the last asking.
211: Ra I am Ra. The promptings were duple. There was the recovery of much negative polarity upon the part of your friend of fifth density and, at the same approximate nexus, a temporary lessening of the positive harmony of this group.
212: Ra I am Ra. The student is perceptive.
213: Ra I am Ra. The support group is functioning well.
214: Ra I am Ra. The wand is astrological in its origin and as an image may be released from its stricture. The sphere of spiritual power is an indication, indeed, that each opportunity is pregnant with the most extravagant magical possibilities for the far-seeing adept.
215: Ra I am Ra. The windows and the doorways are most appropriate and, in addition, we suggest the salting and sprinkling of any door which may lead elsewhere than out of the dwelling in order to afford to the entities the understanding that they are not desired elsewhere within the dwelling.
216: Ra I am Ra. This is partially correct. The incorrect portion is this: The entity of which you speak has found its puissance less than adequate to mount a continuous assault upon this instrument’s physical vehicle and has, shall we say, chosen the more effective of the space/time nexi of this instrument’s experience for its service. [104]
217: Ra I am Ra. This is quite correct. Moreover, it illuminates a concept which is a portion of the archetype which has to do with the continuation of the consciousness which is being potentiated in incarnation, beyond incarnation.
218: Secondly, as a mind/body/spirit complex becomes aware of the process of spiritual evolution, more and more of the activities of the mind and body which precipitate activity are caused by those portions of the mind/body/spirit complex which are articulated by the archetypes of Transformation.
219: Secondly, each potentiation which has been reached for by the Matrix is recorded by the Matrix but experienced by the Significator.
220: Secondly, if any entity is able to dwell completely in unity, the only harm that may occur to it is the changing of the outward physical, yellow-ray vehicle into the more light-filled mind/body/spirit complex’s vehicle by the process of death. All other suffering and pain is as nothing to one such as this.
221: Secondly, the water shall be carefully shaken from the fingers along the sills of all windows and doors as they have been opened.
222: The alignments are excellent. All is well.
223: The appropriate words used to bid farewell to those of the lower astral shall be used in connection with the hanging of the garlic cloves for the period of approximately 36 of your hours. We believe that this is equivalent to two of your night periods and one of your lit periods. This should cleanse the house as you find it to the extent that it is neutral in its vibrations.
224: The contact which you now experience costs a certain amount of the energy which each of the group brought into manifestation in the present incarnation. Although the brunt of this cost falls upon the instrument, it is caparisoned by pre-incarnative design with the light and gladsome armor of faith and will to a far more conscious extent than most mind/body/spirit complexes are able to enjoy without much training and initiation.[106]
225: The continued slight but noticeable losses of the vital energies is due to the necessity for the instrument to call upon this resource in order to clear the, shall we say, way for a carefully purified service-to-others working. The use of the will in the absence of physical and, in this particular case, mental and mental/emotional energies requires vital energies.
226: The experience of the Significator of this potentiated activity is, of course, dependent upon the acuity of its processes of Catalyst and Experience.
227: The hanging of the cut garlic may be accompanied by the words: “We praise the One Creator for the gift of garlic, and bless its ability to offer to those friends to whom we wish to bid farewell the arrow which points their way of egress.”
228: The instrument, itself, might ponder some earlier words and consider their implications. We say this because the continued calling upon vital energies, if allowed to proceed to the end of the vital energy, will end this contact. There is not the need for continued calling upon these energies. The instrument must find the key to this riddle or face a growing loss of this particular service at this particular space/time nexus.
229: The nature of experience is such that the attention shall be constantly given varieties of experience. Those that are presumed to be negative, or interpreted as negative, may seem in abundance. It is a great challenge to take catalyst and devise the magical, positive experience. That which is magical in the negative experience is much longer coming, shall we say, in the third density.
230: The observation of the right angles and their transformational meaning is most perceptive, O student. Each of the images leading to the Transformations of Mind, Body, and Spirit—and ultimately to the great transformative Choice—has the increasing intensity of increasing articulation of concept; that is to say, each image in which you find this angle may increasingly be seen to be a more and more stridently calling voice of opportunity to use each resource—be it Experience as you now observe, or further images—for the grand work of the adept which builds towards transformation using the spirit’s bountiful shuttle to intelligent infinity.
231: The polarities are, indeed, present; the separation nonexistent except through the sifting which is the result of cumulative experience. Other impressions were intended by this configuration of the seated image with its milk-white leg and its pointed foot.
232: The results of these experiments in novelty are then recorded in the portion of the mind and body articulated by the Matrices thereof.
233: The richness of the male and female system of polarity is interesting, and we would not comment further but suggest consideration by the student.
234: The support group cares well for the instrument. We would ask that care be taken as the instrument has been offered the gift of a distortion towards extreme cold by the fifth-density friend which greets you.
235: The support group functions well. The swirling waters experienced by the instrument since our previous working have substantially aided the instrument in its lessening of the distortion of pain.
236: The unfed mind has no polarity just as intelligent infinity has none. The nature of the sub-sub-sub-Logos which offers the third-density experience is one of polarity, not by choice but by careful design.
237: The very nature of the feminine principle of mind which, in Ra’s suggestion, was related specifically to what may be termed sanctified sexuality is, itself, without addition, the book which neither the feminine nor the male principle may use until the male principle has reached and penetrated, in a symbolically sexual fashion, the inner secrets of this feminine principle.
238: The weight of the cover has some deleterious effect upon these distortions in some cases, and thus we mentioned that there was a small thing which could be done; that is, the framing of that which lifted the coverlet from the body slightly. In order to compensate for loss of warmth the wearing of material warming the manual appendages would then be indicated.
239: The words spoken may be upon a simple subject such as naming, information as to the occupation, and various other common interchanges of sound vibratory complex. The male entity, however, is using almost all the available consciousness it possesses in registering the desirability of the female. Such may also be true of the female.
240: Then I am guessing that the crossed legs of the entity in Card Four have a meaning similar to the cross of the crux ansata. Is this correct?
241: Then the virgin broom may ritually sweep the salt out of each window and doorway, sweeping with each stroke the less fortunate of the vibrations within the dwelling which might find coexistence with your group difficult.
242: There is the distortion called systemic lupus erythematosus which causes the musculature of the lower left and right arms to allow for distortions in the normal, shall we say, configuration of both.
243: There is the, shall we say, less-than-adequate work of your chirurgeons which allows for various distortions in the left wrist area.[102]
244: Therefore, we offer these suggestions. We also request, carefully, that the broom be clean and that the garlic be burned. The virginity of the broom is most efficacious.
245: Thirdly, prior to the sprinkling of this cleansing, blessing sacrament of water, the salt shall be trailed along these sills in a line and, again, allowed to exist in this configuration for 36 to 48 hours.
246: This particular instrument was not trained, nor did it study, nor worked it at any discipline in order to contact Ra. We were able, as we have said many times, to contact this group using this instrument because of the purity of this instrument’s dedication to the service of the One Infinite Creator, and also because of the great amount of harmony and acceptance enjoyed each by each within the group; this situation making it possible for the support group to function without significant distortion.
247: This sub-sub-Logos then (or that portion of the mind/body/spirit complex which may be articulated by consideration of the Potentiators of Mind and Body), through free will, chooses to make alterations in its experiential continuum.
248: This, then, becomes a portion of that which you may call a potential for incarnational experience. This is, indeed, carried within that portion of the mind which is of the deep mind, the architecture of which may be envisioned as being represented by that concept complex known as the Potentiator.
249: Those of the support group also offer the essence of will and faith in service to others, supporting the instrument as it releases itself completely in the service of the One Creator. Therefore, each of the support group also experiences a weariness of the spirit which is indistinguishable from physical energy deficit, except that if each experiments with this weariness, each shall discover the physical energy in its usual distortion.
250: Thusly an entire exchange of information may be meaningless because the actual catalyst is of the body. This is unconsciously controlled and is not a conscious decision. This example is simplistic.
251: We are humble messengers. How can any thought be taken by an instrument as to the will of the Creator?
252: We ask that the garlic be strung approximately 60-70 feet beyond the far verge of this area which is approximately 57 yards from the dwelling on a bearing north to 10° off north. We suggest that the garlic be hung in the funnel so that the energies are drawn into the south, small end of the funnel, and traduced northward and away from the dwelling. The procedure of the hanging will be one for testing your ingenuity, but there are several ways to suspend the substance, and it is well to do so.
253: We ask that the support group attempt to aid the instrument in remembering to preserve the physical energies and not expend them upon movements associated with the packing, as you call this activity, and the movement between geographical locations upon your sphere.
254: We cannot express the nature of salt and water and garlic with clarity enough to inform you as to the efficacy with which salt absorbs vibrations which have been requested to move into salt when salt has been given water. We cannot express the full magical nature of your water, nor can we express the likeness and attractiveness of the garlic cut to lower astral forms. The attractiveness is negative, and no service-to-self astral form will accept coexistence with the cut garlic.
255: We leave you glorying in the love and in the light of the One Infinite Creator. Go forth, therefore, rejoicing in the mighty peace of the One Infinite Creator. Adonai.
256: We leave you, my friends, in the love and in the light of the One Glorious Infinite Creator. Go forth, then, rejoicing in the power and in the peace of the One. Adonai.
257: We leave you, my friends, in the love and the light of the Infinite One. Go forth, therefore, rejoicing in the power and in the peace of the One Infinite and Glorious Creator. Adonai.
258: We may indicate that the crux ansata is a part of the concept complexes of the archetypical mind: the circle indicating the magic of the spirit; the cross indicating that nature of manifestation which may only be valued by the losing. Thus the crux ansata is intended to be seen as an image of the eternal in and through manifestation, and beyond manifestation, through the sacrifice and transformation of that which is manifest.
259: We may note that this perfect configuration of the mind, body, and spirit complexes while within the third-density vehicle is extraordinarily rare.
260: We perceive an unclear statement. The polarity of Potentiator is there not for the Matrix to choose. It is there for the Matrix to accept as given.
261: We suggest that you then request of this living entity that it now be welcoming and absorbent for the vibrations of harmony, love, and thanksgiving which this group shall then, as the incarnational experience proceeds, offer to the domicile.[115]
262: We suggest the general principle of preparing each part of your environment, as it best suits each in the group, with the beauty which each may feel to be appropriate. There is much of blessing in the gardening and the care of surroundings, for when this is accomplished in love of the creation the second-density flowers, plants, and small animals are aware of this service and return it.
263: We thank this group that we may speak through it, but the future is mazed. We cannot know whether our geste may, after one final working, be complete.[107]
264: We wish to make this distinction clear, for it is not the archetypes which live the incarnation, but the conscious mind/body/spirit complex—which may, indeed, live the incarnation without recourse to the quest for articulation of the processes of potentiation, experience, and transformation.
265: We would add that it is expected that each student shall naturally have an unique experience of perception dealing with each image. Therefore, it is not expected that the questioner ask comprehensively for all students. It is, rather, expected and accepted that the questioner will ask a moiety of questions which build up a series of concepts concerning each archetype which then offer to each succeeding student the opportunity for more informed study of the archetypical mind.[101]
266: We would at this time, as you may call it, suggest one more full query.
267: When the salt is laid you may repeat: “We praise the One Creator which gave to salt the ability to enable those friends, to which we wish to bid farewell, to find a new home.”
268: When the sweeping is done you may say: “We praise the One Creator and give thanksgiving for the spiritual cleanliness of this dwelling place.”
269: You may see the T-square which at times riven as is one foot from secure fundament by the nature of experience, yet still—by this same nature of experience—is carefully, precisely, and architecturally placed in the foundation of this concept complex, and, indeed, in the archetypical mind complex.[110]
270: You notice we do not include the spirit. That portion of a mind/body/spirit complex is not reliably developed in each and every mind/body/spirit complex. Thusly the infant’s significant self, which is the harvest of biases of all previous incarnational experiences, offers to this infant biases with which to meet new experience.
